* The young choice not to get married and have kids in Japan is increasing. Due to the pressure of married life and financial concern.
* Because of that reason, there are chances that in the future the young labor source will decrease and Japan will suffer the impact of the labor crisis.
* Until recently, the world was a zero-sum game. The only way people get better is if someone else gets worse off. If you take a bigger piece of the pie, someone else's gets smaller. If you want more then conquering, plundering, and stealing are great strategies. The gap between the rich and the poor is shifted rapidly.
* There is something about the old leather jackets that give me a sense of a grown man.
* People said that you can tell the dead is near, when a person had a terminal lucidity also known as rallying or the rally, is an unexpected return of mental clarity and memory, or suddenly regained consciousness that occurs in the time shortly before death in patients suffering from severe psychiatric or neurological disorder.

-> dentistry = ngành nha khoa
-> a dentist = một nha khoa 

-> spend + money/time + (on) + v/n

-> sociopath 
-> psychopath
-> principal = hiệu trưởng
-> principle = nguyên tắc, luật
-> on the mend = đang phục hồi
-> undergo an operation = trải qua một cuộc đại phẫu
-> proba**bly** = có lẽ
-> proper**ly** = đúng cách (*2 chữ khác nhau ở âm cuối*)
-> blood relatives = máu mủ, ruột thịt
-> infamous = khét tiếng (*nghĩa xấu*)
-> famous = nổi tiếng (*nghĩa tốt*)

* Mr Rogers is going to the school to have a meeting with the pricipal about his son.
* My brother is in hospital, he's on the mend now.
* Ali visited the university, he can't wait to be a freshman there.
* James isn't at school, 
	* probably he was ill.
	* because he is ill.
	* because he has covid.
	* because he has food poisoning.
* He's working at the hospital, 
	* he is a nurse.
	* Is he the director? / Is he the director of the hospital?
	* In which department does he work?
	* he's taking care of some paitients with pneumonia (viêm phổi) / malaria (sốt rét) / dengue fever (sốt xuất huyết)
	* he is a residents.
* Derek is in prison, 
	* he's serving his time behind bars.
* Karl's going 

**CHOOSE 20 WORDS IN UNIT 1 AND 2 TO MAKE 20 SENTENCES.**
* Discrimination is not expectable at anywhere in the world. Although not everyone is like that, just a minority of people. It's ignorant just to assume a gardener is a Hispanic, assumed a person has small eyes is Asian, accuse a black man as a criminal just because he walks into a rich neighborhood, and the list goes on. 
* 