Page 7 section 1
* My teacher went to an American university. It's quite a famous one, I think.
	* It was called Harvard. It is located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United State. Placed in the top 50 best universities in the world. Which known for being the oldest institution, the wealthiest, and the most famous in United State. 
	* But the down side is she and her boyfriend located in London and they gonna have a long-distance relationship if she take the job. Her boyfriend was not happy about it.
* Excuse me, Dr Taylor. There's an urgent message for you. It's from a patient.
	* The patient want to discharge from the hospital right away. He said he didn't have the money nor the health insurrance. I tried to convince him to stay for the sake of his health, but he didn't listen. What should we do Dr Taylor?
	* The patient has a second thought about the upcoming surgeon, he wants to spend the remaining time with his family instead. I had talk to the patient that he need to disuss thoroughly with the doctor before making any decision. So you need to talk with him ASAP, Dr Taylor.
* There's a bus stop on the corner. But you'll have to wait an hour for the next bus.
	* That's way too long for a single bus. The bus should be circulated more frequently. 15 minutes per bus. Which will make a major difference in public transportation.
	* *If public transportation such as buses still keeping the performance like this. Then the people would rather use one of the ride-hailing services insted.*