Hello Austin,

Thank you for your invitation.

As for your description, I have a proposal that makes APIs by Java Spring Boot to get and store the variables back from a simple database like MongoDB and the Selenium script will be run by a scheduled time function (*By hours / by day / by week as your preference*). 

We'll have APIs like "Get Variables"(*to get the values after being executed*), "Set Variable parameters"(*to edit the desired parameter*), "Execute script"(*To execute the script whenever your need or after every "Set Variable parameters" API*). 

When I read the details, the approach for every call will be executing the script is not viable since I don't know how complicated the script is yet (*More complicated script, more time consuming the time for every call*). This approach will bring more flex ability to the script. And for deployment purposes, we can use GitLab or any CI/CD platform you are interested.

Here is the basic diagram of the idea: https://miro.com/welcomeonboard/RUlJSU1ZT2ZUMGJ5R0Ixc3R6S0I4VmEwMWVSeXVlN0xKcm8yWUJoTkRYWkc0TkVhd05weEhQNTlBR3V5U0VXOXwzNDU4NzY0NTI4MTg0OTI1MjY0fDI=?share_link_id=441078285875

The price is $18/hour as my profile has stated. 

And if you are interested in my idea then I can be available to work on my GTM+7 time zone which I assumed that my time will be off by 12 hours (*given to take by 2 hours depending on where you at, I'm assuming that you are using UTC time zone*) to your time zone, e.g 12 PM at where I'm is 12 AM of yours. We can disgust the workload more detail in a meeting.

Hope to see your response.

Best regards,

Jeremy Luong.